EC0754SSSZ6
Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services: Subject Series - Estab and Firm Size: Concentration by Largest Firms for the United States: 2007

Includes only firms and establishments of firms with payroll.
Excludes data for corporate, subsidiary, and regional managing
offices and establishments of these firms that are classified in
other categories than those specified in this file. Data based on
the 2007 Economic Census. For method of assignment to categories
shown and for information on confidentiality protection, sampling
error, nonsampling error, and definitions, see
Survey
Methodology [pdf].



D	Withheld to avoid disclosing data for individual companies; data are included in higher level totals

m	100,000 employees or more

i	5,000 to 9,999 employees

Source: U.S. Census Bureau, 2007 Economic Census 

Note: The data in this file are based on the 2007 Economic
Census. To maintain confidentiality, the Census Bureau suppresses
data to protect the identity of any business or individual. The
census results in this file contain nonsampling error. Data users
who create their own estimates using data from this file should
cite the Census Bureau as the source of the original data only. For
the full technical documentation, see Survey Methodology link in
above headnote.



Universe Description
The universe of this file is all establishments of firms with
payroll in business at any time during 2007 and classified in
Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services (Sector 54).
Data Items
This file contains data on:

  Establishments
  Receipts/Revenue
  Receipts/Revenue of largest firms as a percent of total
  receipts/revenue
  Annual payroll
  First-quarter payroll
  Paid employees

Geographic Coverage
The data are shown at the United States level only.
Industry Detail
The data are shown for 2-digit and selected 3- through 8-digit
NAICS codes.
Other Variables Identifying Records
Each record includes a CONCENFI code which represents a specific
firm concentration category (including all firms, 4 largest firms,
8 largest firms, 20 largest firms, and 50 largest firms).
Release Schedule
The data in this file are scheduled for release in the fourth
quarter of 2010.
Related Data Files
EC0754SSSZ1 through EC0754SSSZ5 and EC0754SSSZ7 present data by
employment and receipts/revenue size of establishments and firms,
single unit and multiunit firms, and legal form of organization for
the United States.
Data Limitations
Only industries that meet dissemination criteria are included.
Also, see 
Survey Methodology for additional information on data
limitations.
File Sequence
Data are presented in ascending NAICS code sequence by firm
concentration.
Estimated File Size
Approx. 104 KB




