EC0742SSSZ6
Wholesale Trade: Subject Series - Estab and Firm Size: Summary Statistics by Concentration of Largest Firms for the United States: 2007

Includes only firms and establishments of firms with payroll.
Excludes data for corporate, subsidiary, and regional managing
offices and establishments of these firms that are classified in
other categories than those specified in this file. Data based on
the 2007 Economic Census. For method of assignment to categories
shown and for information on confidentiality protection, sampling
error, nonsampling error, and definitions, see
Survey
Methodology [pdf].



D	Withheld to avoid disclosing data for individual companies; data are included in higher level totals

g	1,000 to 2,499 employees

(917)	In some cases, data may not be comparable to prior census data.

Source: U.S. Census Bureau, 2007 Economic Census 

Note: The data in this file are based on the 2007 Economic
Census. To maintain confidentiality, the Census Bureau suppresses
data to protect the identity of any business or individual. The
census results in this file contain nonsampling error. Data users
who create their own estimates using data from this file should
cite the Census Bureau as the source of the original data only. For
the full technical documentation, see Survey Methodology link in
above headnote.



Universe DescriptionThe universe of this file is all
establishments of firms with payroll at any time during 2007 and
classified in Wholesale Trade (sector 42). 
Data ItemsThis file contains data on: 

  Establishments
  Sales
  Sales of largest firms as a percent of total sales
  Annual payroll
  First-quarter payroll
  Paid employees

Geographic CoverageThe data are shown at the United States
level only. 
Industry DetailThe data are shown at selected 2- through
8-digit NAICS codes. 
Other Variables Identifying RecordsEach record includes a
CONCENFI code which represents a specfic concentration by largest
firms category (including all firms, 4 largest firms, 8 largest
firms, 20 largest firms, and 50 largest firms). 
Release ScheduleThe data in this file are scheduled for
release in the fourth quarter of 2010. 
Related Data FilesEC0742SSSZ1 through EC0742SSSZ5 and
EC0742SSSZ7 present data by employment and sales size of
establishments and firms, single unit and multiunit firms, and
legal form of organization for the United States. 
Data LimitationsOnly industries that meet dissemination
criteria are included. Also, see 
Survey Methodology for additional information on data
limitations. 
File SequenceData are presented in ascending NAICS code
sequence by firm concentration by type of operation. 
Estimated File SizeApprox. 354 KB. 




